tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:1:18: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/map must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:2:9: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/cons must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:3:8: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/first must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:4:7: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/next must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:5:7: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/rest must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:6:9: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/second must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:7:9: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/ffirst must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:8:9: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/nfirst must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:9:8: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/fnext must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:10:8: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/nnext must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:11:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/seq must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:12:12: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/instance? must have type Type, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:13:10: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/ex-info must have type String, got ArrayMap
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:13:13: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/ex-info must have type Map, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:14:8: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/first must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:15:8: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/assoc must have type Associative, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:16:12: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/with-meta must have type Meta, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:17:15: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/with-meta must have type Map, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:18:7: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/last must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:19:10: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/butlast must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:20:7: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/cast must have type Type, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:21:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/vec must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:22:8: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/list* must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:23:8: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/apply must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:23:10: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/apply must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:24:15: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/vary-meta must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:25:9: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/concat must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:25:11: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/concat must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:26:8: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/zero? must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:27:9: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/nth must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:28:8: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/apply must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:29:4: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/< must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:29:8: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/< must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:30:7: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc' must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:31:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/inc must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:32:9: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/reduce must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:33:10: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/reverse must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:34:5: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/+' must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:34:9: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/+' must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:35:4: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/+ must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:35:8: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/+ must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:36:5: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/*' must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:36:9: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/*' must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:37:4: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/* must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:37:8: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/* must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:38:4: Parse warning: arg[0] of core// must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:38:8: Parse warning: arg[1] of core// must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:39:5: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/-' must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:39:9: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/-' must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:40:4: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/- must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:40:8: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/- must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:41:5: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/<= must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:41:9: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/<= must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:42:4: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/> must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:42:8: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/> must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:43:5: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/>= must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:43:9: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/>= must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:44:5: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/== must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:44:9: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/== must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:45:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/max must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:45:10: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/max must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:46:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/min must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:46:10: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/min must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:47:7: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/dec' must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:48:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/dec must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:49:7: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/pos? must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:50:7: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/neg? must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:51:7: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/quot must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:51:11: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/quot must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:52:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/rem must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:52:10: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/rem must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:53:10: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/bit-not must have type Int, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:54:10: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/bit-and must have type Int, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:54:14: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/bit-and must have type Int, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:55:9: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/bit-or must have type Int, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:55:13: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/bit-or must have type Int, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:56:10: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/bit-xor must have type Int, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:56:14: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/bit-xor must have type Int, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:57:14: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/bit-and-not must have type Int, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:57:18: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/bit-and-not must have type Int, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:58:12: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/bit-clear must have type Int, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:58:16: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/bit-clear must have type Int, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:59:10: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/bit-set must have type Int, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:59:14: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/bit-set must have type Int, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:60:11: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/bit-flip must have type Int, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:60:15: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/bit-flip must have type Int, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:61:11: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/bit-test must have type Int, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:61:15: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/bit-test must have type Int, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:62:17: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/bit-shift-left must have type Int, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:62:21: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/bit-shift-left must have type Int, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:63:18: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/bit-shift-right must have type Int, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:63:22: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/bit-shift-right must have type Int, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:64:27: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/unsigned-bit-shift-right must have type Int, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:64:31: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/unsigned-bit-shift-right must have type Int, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:65:13: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/complement must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:66:7: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/peek must have type Stack, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:67:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/pop must have type Stack, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:68:12: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/contains? must have type Gettable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:69:9: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/dissoc must have type Map, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:70:7: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/disj must have type Set, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:71:7: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/find must have type Associative, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:72:14: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/select-keys must have type Associative, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:72:16: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/select-keys must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:73:7: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/keys must have type Map, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:74:7: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/vals must have type Map, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:75:7: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/rseq must have type Reversible, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:76:12: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/namespace must have type Named, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:77:12: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/reduce-kv must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:78:10: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/var-get must have type Var, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:79:10: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/var-set must have type Var, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:80:17: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/with-bindings* must have type Map, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:80:19: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/with-bindings* must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:81:8: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/deref must have type Deref, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:82:8: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/swap! must have type Atom, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:82:12: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/swap! must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:83:9: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/reset! must have type Atom, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:84:14: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/alter-meta! must have type Ref, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:84:16: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/alter-meta! must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:85:14: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/reset-meta! must have type Ref, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:85:16: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/reset-meta! must have type Map, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:86:11: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/find-var must have type Symbol, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:87:7: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/comp must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:87:9: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/comp must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:87:11: Parse warning: arg[2] of core/comp must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:88:7: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/juxt must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:88:9: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/juxt must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:88:11: Parse warning: arg[2] of core/juxt must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:89:10: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/partial must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:90:9: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/every? must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:90:11: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/every? must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:91:13: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/not-every? must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:91:15: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/not-every? must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:92:7: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/some must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:92:9: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/some must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:93:11: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/not-any? must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:93:13: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/not-any? must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:94:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/map must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:95:9: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/mapcat must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:96:9: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/filter must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:96:11: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/filter must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:97:9: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/remove must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:97:11: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/remove must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:98:7: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/take must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:98:11: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/take must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:99:13: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/take-while must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:99:15: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/take-while must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:100:7: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/drop must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:100:11: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/drop must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:101:12: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/drop-last must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:101:16: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/drop-last must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:102:12: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/take-last must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:102:16: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/take-last must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:103:13: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/drop-while must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:103:15: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/drop-while must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:104:8: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/cycle must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:105:11: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/split-at must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:105:15: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/split-at must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:106:13: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/split-with must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:106:15: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/split-with must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:107:9: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/repeat must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:108:10: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/iterate must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:109:8: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/range must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:109:12: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/range must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:109:16: Parse warning: arg[2] of core/range must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:110:13: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/merge-with must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:111:9: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/zipmap must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:111:11: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/zipmap must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:112:7: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/sort must have type Comparator, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:112:9: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/sort must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:113:10: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/sort-by must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:113:12: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/sort-by must have type Comparator, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:113:14: Parse warning: arg[2] of core/sort-by must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:114:8: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/dorun must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:114:12: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/dorun must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:115:8: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/doall must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:115:12: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/doall must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:116:10: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/nthnext must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:116:12: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/nthnext must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:117:10: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/nthrest must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:117:12: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/nthrest must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:118:12: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/partition must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:118:16: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/partition must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:118:20: Parse warning: arg[2] of core/partition must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:118:22: Parse warning: arg[3] of core/partition must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:119:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/num must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:120:9: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/double must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:121:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/mod must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:121:10: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/mod must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:122:12: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/numerator must have type Ratio, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:123:14: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/denominator must have type Ratio, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:124:14: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/read-string must have type String, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:125:9: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/subvec must have type Vector, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:125:11: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/subvec must have type Int, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:125:15: Parse warning: arg[2] of core/subvec must have type Int, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:126:14: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/load-string must have type String, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:127:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/set must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:128:10: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/find-ns must have type Symbol, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:129:12: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/create-ns must have type Symbol, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:130:12: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/remove-ns must have type Symbol, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:131:13: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/ns-unmap must have type Symbol, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:132:11: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/intern must have type Symbol, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:133:8: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/refer must have type Symbol, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:134:8: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/alias must have type Symbol, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:135:15: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/ns-unalias must have type Symbol, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:136:11: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/take-nth must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:136:15: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/take-nth must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:137:13: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/interleave must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:137:15: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/interleave must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:138:19: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/ns-resolve must have type Symbol, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:139:19: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/ns-resolve must have type Gettable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:139:21: Parse warning: arg[2] of core/ns-resolve must have type Symbol, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:140:10: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/resolve must have type Symbol, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:141:10: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/resolve must have type Gettable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:141:12: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/resolve must have type Symbol, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:142:9: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/re-seq must have type Regex, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:142:11: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/re-seq must have type String, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:143:10: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/re-find must have type Regex, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:143:12: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/re-find must have type String, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:144:13: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/re-matches must have type Regex, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:144:15: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/re-matches must have type String, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:145:7: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/rand must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:146:11: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/rand-int must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:147:11: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/tree-seq must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:147:13: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/tree-seq must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:148:7: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/subs must have type String, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:148:9: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/subs must have type Int, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:148:13: Parse warning: arg[2] of core/subs must have type Int, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:149:10: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/max-key must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:150:10: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/min-key must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:151:11: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/distinct must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:152:10: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/replace must have type Associative, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:152:12: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/replace must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:153:13: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/repeatedly must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:153:17: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/repeatedly must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:154:14: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/interpose must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:155:12: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/not-empty must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:156:9: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/format must have type String, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:157:9: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/printf must have type String, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:158:8: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/in-ns must have type Symbol, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:159:12: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/load-file must have type String, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:160:11: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/get-in must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:161:11: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/get-in must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:162:11: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/assoc-in must have type Associative, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:162:13: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/assoc-in must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:163:12: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/update-in must have type Associative, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:163:14: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/update-in must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:163:16: Parse warning: arg[2] of core/update-in must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:164:9: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/update must have type Associative, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:164:13: Parse warning: arg[2] of core/update must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:165:13: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/trampoline must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:166:10: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/memoize must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:167:9: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/empty? must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:168:7: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/fnil must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:169:16: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/partition-all must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:169:20: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/partition-all must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:170:16: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/partition-all must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:170:20: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/partition-all must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:170:24: Parse warning: arg[2] of core/partition-all must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:171:7: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/mapv must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:172:10: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/filterv must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:173:11: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/group-by must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:174:15: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/partition-by must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:174:17: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/partition-by must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:175:13: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/reductions must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:175:15: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/reductions must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:176:13: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/reductions must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:176:17: Parse warning: arg[2] of core/reductions must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:177:14: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/map-indexed must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:177:16: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/map-indexed must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:178:7: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/keep must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:178:9: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/keep must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:179:15: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/keep-indexed must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:179:17: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/keep-indexed must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:180:16: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/bounded-count must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:181:13: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/every-pred must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:181:15: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/every-pred must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:182:10: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/some-fn must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:182:12: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/some-fn must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:183:12: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/realized? must have type Pending, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:184:9: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/dedupe must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:185:16: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/random-sample must have type Number, got String
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:185:20: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/random-sample must have type Seqable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:186:7: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/run! must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:187:12: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/halt-when must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:187:14: Parse warning: arg[1] of core/halt-when must have type Callable, got Int
tests/linter/types-1/input.clj:188:6: Parse warning: arg[0] of core/cat must have type Callable, got Int
